> 1: zhe grew to be 100 feet tall
> 2: angeliki didn't laugh

> 1: lingqing became a racecar
> 2: siyi ate a dinosaur

> 1: jenn became the moon
> 2: oreen made friends with a dolphin

> 1: flor rode a pterodactyl into the sun
> 2: emma met a pirate and sailed the seven seas

> 1: after growing to 100 feet, zhe battled a giant to save the world
> 2: angeliki remained silent; never laughing again

> 1: lingqing went on to star in Cars 5 with Lightning McQueen
> 2: not full of dinosaur protein, siyi became the heavyweight boxing champion of the world

> 1: as jenn is now the moon, she witnessed flor riding into the sun
> 2: oreen's new dolphin friend told him about a new swedish pirate wreaking havoc

> 1: flor reached the sun only to find a collection of western philosphers complimenting each other
> 2: emma discovered treasure in an underwater cave worth exactly 5 krona

> 1: locked in the midst of battle, zhe called upon the moon, jenn, to help him in the fight against the giant
> 2: angeliki saw zhe's fight and continued her strike against laughing; resilient against the act

> 1: at the red carpet premiere of Cars 5, lingqing got a call that a racecar was needed in the fight between zhe and the giant. a FAST racecar, the FASTEST
> 2: unimpressed with the world's fighters, siyi looked for a greater challenge in the world

> 1: jenn received a plea of help from the 100 feet tall zhe. she sent ocean waves towards their fight to knock the giant down
> 2: the dolphin, named Daphne, led oreen to where the mysterious new pirate. the dolphin, and not oreen, asked the pirate emma to help with something

> 1: flor decided it was best to not be around the philosphers and get nauseous
> 2: after collecting her treasure, Pirate Lord Wallero saw a friendly looking dolphin and a man that cannot swim, Daphne and Oreen, racing towards her

> 1: with the great ocean waves sent by Jenn's lunar might rapidly approaching, zhe leapt high into the sky to avoid them; the giant fell below the sea
> 2: angeliki approached the battle site, contemplating whether or not to intervene

> 1: lingqing was speeding down the highway at one billion and one kilometers per hour when she saw siyi, the heavyweight boxing champion of the world, running alongside her - both headed towards the fight between zhe and the giant. jenn, the lunar ally above, sent a message to flor to return home to help in the fight for the survival of the planet. flor ditched the dull philosophers, and as she turned back towards planet Earth, she was lit aflame by the sun transforming into the Phoneix Queen. Back below the ocean floor, Emma saw the falling of the giant, due to jenn's ocean waves, and sent her armada of underwater pirate ships to blast him back above the water. Daphne the dolphin cheered them on, but Oreen didn't as he was busy writing this story.
> 2: with the giant blown back up above the ocean's water, zhe punched him into the air with all his might. a sound was heard - thunder cracking - it was the sound of siyi throwing lingqing the racecar into the air towards the giant. lingqing made impact on the giant blowing him up into pieces just as the silent one - angeliki - revoked her vow of silence as the earth needed her help. she laughed. she laughed causing a sound wave so great it caused buildings to crumble, and mountains to quack. but it also tore apart the giant's remaining limbs. the giant - without limbs, and still floating in the air - felt warmer and warmer. with the last of his strength he looked up to see a ball of fire blazing towards him. "TJENA!!!!!" roared the Phoenix Queen Flor as she met the giant mid-air and disintegrated what was left of him. --- FIN ---

